---
layout: post
title: Review 2021
tags: Life
---

Time to put together all the pieces from last year! 2021 marked the start of the post-covid era where everyone tries to find a new way to thrive. For me, the biggest change is the introduction to several long-term commitments that could benefit my life.

### _... of the Year_ Awards

- Movie: [*The Father*](https://movie.douban.com/subject/33432655/) (2020) by Florian Zeller & [*同学麦娜丝*](https://movie.douban.com/subject/34902639/) (2020) by 黄信尧
- TV: [*Sex Education*](https://movie.douban.com/subject/27594217/) (2018-2021) by Netflix
- Album: [*Blue Banisters*](https://music.douban.com/subject/35447534/) (2021) by Lana Del Rey
- Match: Women's Cycling Road Race, Tokyo Olympics
- Personality: 黄思隽
- Website: lixinger.com

### Stats

- Traveling
  - Journeys: 4 (=)
  - Cities: 2 (-3)
    - Hangzhou, Qingdao
- Visual contents
  - Books: 15 (+13)
  - Movies: 31 (+15)
  - TV series: 16 (+4)
- Audio contents
  - Music: 131h (-186; 7881 mins by November)
    - Most played artist: Coldplay (9h)
    - Most played song: TBA
  - Podcast: 60h
    - 28h on Apple Podcast, 32h on Himalaya
    - Most played podcast: *Talking Fussball* (14h)
- Entertainment
  - Gaming: 310h
    - 310h on Battle.net, TBA on PS4(87), 19h on Steam(-33)
  - Most played game: *Heroes of the Storm* (310h)
- Miscellaneous
  - Hupu: 369h
  - Bilibili: 177h

### Quick Comments

- **#Work** Doing what I like, but missing that final push to make projects click. **7/10**
- **#Health** Upswing: 1) Swim regularly. 2) Drink significantly less bubble tea.  Downward: 1) Yet to improve my sleep routine. 2) Yet to fix my nasal problems. **7/10**
- **#Lifestyle** Putting objects into statistics helped me greatly to achieve them. Major progresses are: 1) Figured out an investing system that works. 2) Accomplished that read-15-books goal and made it an integral part of my weekly life. 3) Developed an interest and taste on coffee. 4) Traded excessive gaming hours for the first two accomplishments.  **9/10**

### Quick Checklist

- **#Work** Find that final piece of the puzzle to next level of career competitiveness.
- **#Work** Start a list of MOOCs and Leetcoding.
- **#Health** Statistify sleeping time and clock 7.5 hours of sleeping per night minimum.
- **#Health** Statistify workouts and intake of sweets.
- **#Lifestyle** New progress with life decisions.
- **#Lifestyle** Trade time and effort spent on random web browsing for networking. Statistify it too.

