---
layout: post
title: Review 2022
tags: Life
---

Time to put together all the pieces from last year! 2022 is the year for big things. I'm married and we bought our first car. On the other hand, I have less time for books, fitness and leisure. 

### _... of the Year_ Awards

- Movie: None
- TV: [*想见你*](https://movie.douban.com/subject/30468961/) (2019)
- Album: [*Underwater*](https://music.douban.com/subject/35634755/) (2022) by Ludovico Einaudi
- Match: China - South Korea, Women's Asian Cup 2022 Final
- Personality: 周冠宇
- Website: behindthename.com

### Stats

- Journeys: 3 (-1)
- Cities: 3 (+1; Hangzhou, Jiaxing, Tiantai)
- Books: 2 (-13)
- Movies: 6 (-25)
- TV series: 7 (-9)
- Blogs: 9 (-1)
- Music: 174h (+26h)
- Most played artist: Ludovico Einaudi (6h)
- Podcast: 40h (-20h)
- Most played podcast: *球与路* (10h)
- Gaming: 317h (-93h)
- Most played game: *Heroes of the Storm* (294h)
- Sleep before 01h30: 37.5%
- Daily sleep time: 7h27m

### Quick Comments

- **#Work** New directions, new regime and good results started to come along. **8/10**
- **#Health** Still no silver lining with nasal problems. Folliculitis and dry lips are the new problems. Good sleep routine for 4 months after my girl moved in. **7/10**
- **#Lifestyle** Married with my love. Bought our first car and we kept it intact so far. Solid investment in a turbulent year. My fashion masterplan never materialized. **9/10**

### Quick Checklist

- **#Work** _Holt das Ding!_.
- **#Health** Sleeping routine is falling apart towards the end of the year. Make sure they get back on track.
- **#Health** Fitness routine with a variety of sports, with the likes of swimming, cycling and tennis.
- **#Health** Tackle folliculitis and dry lips.
- **#Lifestyle** Get back to reading.
- **#Lifestyle** Re-ignite my global networking.
- **#Lifestyle** Find a new life pattern with my girl that both of us feel comfortable.