---
layout: post
title: Review 2023
tags: Life
---

Time to put together all the pieces from last year! The first year in the post-covid era, 2023 didn't live up to the expectation in many ways. However, life is such a treasure because there are always something positive to find.

### _... of the Year_ Awards

- Movie: *Trainspotting*(1996) by Danny Boyle
- TV: [*漫长的季节*](https://movie.douban.com/subject/35588177/) (2023)
- Album: None
- Match: Alcaraz - Djokovic, Wimbledon 2023 MS Final
- Personality: 吴易昺
- Website: strava.com

### Stats

- Journeys: 5 (+2)
- Cities: 5 (+2; Hangzhou, Qiandaohu, Jiande, Shanghai, Sanya)
- Books: 2 (=)
- Movies: 13 (+7)
- TV series: 5 (-2)
- Blogs: 5 (-4)
- Music: 186h (+12h)
- Most played artist: Coldplay
- Podcast: 30h (-10h)
- Most played podcast: *球与路* (13h)
- Gaming: 201h (-116h)
- Most played game: *Heroes of the Storm* (180h)
- Total training hours: 56h58m ([more training stats](https://jiaxigu.github.io/2024/01/01/review-training-2023.html))
- Average night sleep: 6h41m

### Quick Comments

- **#Work** Very underwhelming, but can see the light at the end of the tunnel. **6/10**
- **#Health** A good year in general. After so many years my fitness routine is finally here. Sleep is getting better towards the end of the year. Nasal problems is trivial. Overcame two flus without big trouble. **9/10**
- **#Lifestyle** A really monotone year without too much to remember, which shouldn't go two for two. No good news regarding getting back to the books and global networking. **6/10**

### Quick Checklist

- **#Work** After seeing lights at the end of the tunnel, get to the end of the tunnel.
- **#Health** Build on the momentum and reach an average of 7h30m night sleep time.
- **#Health** Complete the new year [training plan](https://jiaxigu.github.io/2024/01/01/review-training-2023.html). 
- **#Health** Run a healthcheck on those small discomforts to prevent any major issues i.e. scoliosis.
- **#Lifestyle** Global networking is the top priority in 2024.
- **#Lifestyle** Find new ways to surprise my girl (in a sweet way).
